gentlemen I'm the only authority you
will need I point you shoot
did you kill the target things over
there but different what we're doing is
wrong you did what you're supposed to do
right now the only person you're
punishing is yourself
Frank Castle got something I need to
show rest of the video files the US
military turns you in the Hitman Frank
I'm looking for Frank Castle the
Punisher
I think you know the about my case
castle it's the last witness
we can either clean this up or let them
take us down
[Music]
you have nothing but a war inside you
stay away it's not your fight
[Music]
I need to find these bastards got a cure
so where does that end Frank
what if you're supposed to
these men they decide with the tradition
the same thing that happens you have
fertility
we could make that right
the world needs to see the truth